Quickstart 2.0 (#72)
Holo-Host/hpos-config: core/README.md

> # Index for hpos-config
> 
> ###### tags: `Holo` `documentation`
> 
> This is meant to track the use of [Config in other repos](https://github.com/Holo-Host/hpos-config/blob/develop/core/src/config.rs#L59)
> 
> We will be pointing out all the services in holo-nixpkgs tha requires to be changed.
> 
> ### Dependencies for hpos-config:
> 
> - [hpos-auth](https://github.com/Holo-Host/holo-auth)
>   - update client
> - [hpos-configure-holochain](https://github.com/Holo-Host/hpos-configure-holochain):
>   - Used to install the host agent key from the config.
> - [router-registry (holo-router)](https://github.com/Holo-Host/router-registry)
>   - update `holo-router-agent` crate
> - [@holo-nicpkgs/hpos-admin-api]():
>   - api should be able to read the right struct of the config to return the appropriate values back
> - [@holo-nicpkgs/hpos-admin-client]():
>   - cli docs need to be updated
> - [hp-admin-crypto]()
>   - ~~
> 
> ### Note some features to test:
> 
> - Host uses hpos-config keys as holochain keys in `alphaNet/mainNet`.
>   - note this would involve seeing that lair is initialized with the right keys too.
> - hpos-admin-api endpoints like `get-settings`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Index for hpos-config

This document is meant to track the use of [Config in other repos](https://github.com/Holo-Host/hpos-config/blob/develop/core/src/config.rs#L59)

We will be listing all the services in holo-nixpkgs that require to be changed.

### Repos that depend on  hpos-config:

- [holo-auth](https://github.com/Holo-Host/holo-auth)
  - update client
- [hpos-configure-holochain](https://github.com/Holo-Host/hpos-configure-holochain):
  - Used to install the host agent key from the config.
- [router-registry (holo-router)](https://github.com/Holo-Host/router-registry)
  - update `holo-router-agent` crate
- [@holo-nixpkgs/hpos-admin-api]():
  - api should be able to read the right struct of the config to return the appropriate values back
- [@holo-nixpkgs/hpos-admin-client]():
  - cli docs need to be updated
- [hp-admin-crypto]()
  - reads admin's pubkey to verify permissions for `hpos-admin-api` access

### Note some features to test:

- Host uses hpos-config keys as holochain keys in `alphaNet/mainNet`.
  - note this would involve seeing that lair is initialized with the right keys too.
- hpos-admin-api endpoint `/get-settings`
```
